1.C++ 
C++ is standardized by an ISO working group.It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, 
while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.C# builds on the syntax and semantics of C++, 
allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET. In C++, classes and structs are virtually identical whereas in C#,
they are quite different. C# classes can implement any number of interfaces, but can inherit from only one base class.
Furthermore, C# structs do not support inheritance.
2.Java
Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented and specifically
designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.One design goal of Java is portability, which means that 
programs written for the Java platform must run similarly on any combination of hardware and operating system with adequate 
runtime support.Java and C# are statically typed with class-based object orientation.Both languages support a number of built-in
types that are copied and passed by value rather than by reference. Java calls these types primitive types, while they are called 
simple types in C#.C# allows the programmer to create user-defined value types, using the struct keyword.
3.JavaScript
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow
client-side scripts to interact with the user.JavaScript is classified as a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing 
and first-class functions.
4.Python
Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than
would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.everything is dynamic. Sometimes this is really useful - e.g. you can add your own
“tags” to nearly any object.Yield expressions can both accept and return value in Python, but in C# it can only accept a value.
5.PHP
PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.
PHP code can be simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various templating engines and web frameworks.
PHP code is usually processed by a PHP interpreter, which is usually implemented as a web server's native module or a Common Gateway
Interface (CGI) executable.